OCPBUGS-30009: Updated the Network Obser. Welcome page note (#72201)
openshift/openshift-docs: welcome/index.adoc

- **xref:../otel/otel-installing.adoc#install-otel[Red Hat build of OpenTelemetry]**: Instrument, generate, collect, and export telemetry traces, metrics, and logs to analyze and understand your software's performance and behavior. Use open source backends like Tempo or Prometheus, or use commercial offerings. Learn a single set of APIs and conventions, and own the data that you generate.

// CHECK IN CLOSER TO THE GA DATE BECAUSE FEATURE WORK IS NOT MERGED; ESTIMATED MERGE BY 19 FEB. ADD xref:../network_observability/metrics-alerts-dashboards.adoc#network-observability-viewing-dashboards_metrics-dashboards-alerts to [view dashbaords text.

> - **xref:../network_observability/network-observability-overview.adoc#network-observability-overview[Network Observability]**: Observe network traffic for {product-title} clusters by using eBPF technology to create and enrich network flows. You can xref:../network_observability/metrics-alerts-dashboards.html[view dashboards, customize alerts], and xref:../network_observability/observing-network-traffic.adoc#network-observability-trafficflow_nw-observe-network-traffic[analyze network flow] information for further insight and troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **xref:../network_observability/network-observability-overview.adoc#network-observability-overview[Network Observability]**: Observe network traffic for {product-title} clusters by using eBPF technology to create and enrich network flows. You can xref:../network_observability/metrics-alerts-dashboards.adoc#<anchor_id>_<context>
[view dashboards, customize alerts], and xref:../network_observability/observing-network-traffic.adoc#network-observability-trafficflow_nw-observe-network-traffic[analyze network flow] information for further insight and troubleshooting.
```

> - **xref:../network_observability/network-observability-overview.adoc#network-observability-overview[Network Observability]**: Observe network traffic for {product-title} clusters by using eBPF technology to create and enrich network flows. You can xref:../network_observability/metrics-alerts-dashboards.html[view dashboards, customize alerts], and xref:../network_observability/observing-network-traffic.adoc#network-observability-trafficflow_nw-observe-network-traffic[analyze network flow] information for further insight and troubleshooting.

Reviewer: - **xref:../network_observability/network-observability-overview.adoc#network-observability-overview[Network Observability]**: Observe network traffic for {product-title} clusters by using eBPF technology to create and enrich network flows. You can xref:../network_observability/metrics-alerts-dashboards.adoc#<anchor_id>_<context>
[view dashboards, customize alerts], and xref:../network_observability/observing-network-traffic.adoc#network-observability-trafficflow_nw-observe-network-traffic[analyze network flow] information for further insight and troubleshooting.

> - **xref:../network_observability/network-observability-overview.adoc#network-observability-overview[Network Observability]**: Observe network traffic for {product-title} clusters by using eBPF technology to create and enrich network flows. You can xref:../network_observability/metrics-alerts-dashboards.html[view dashboards, customize alerts], and xref:../network_observability/observing-network-traffic.adoc#network-observability-trafficflow_nw-observe-network-traffic[analyze network flow] information for further insight and troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **xref:../network_observability/network-observability-overview.adoc#network-observability-overview[Network Observability]**: Observe network traffic for {product-title} clusters by using eBPF technology to create and enrich network flows. You can xref:../network_observability/metrics-alerts-dashboards.adoc#<anchor_id>_<context>
[view dashboards, customize alerts], and xref:../network_observability/observing-network-traffic.adoc#network-observability-trafficflow_nw-observe-network-traffic[analyze network flow] information for further insight and troubleshooting.
```

Author: Hi @michaelryanpeter . Updated the link. OK to merge?

> - **xref:../network_observability/network-observability-overview.adoc#network-observability-overview[Network Observability]**: Observe network traffic for {product-title} clusters by using eBPF technology to create and enrich network flows. You can view dashboards and xref:../network_observability/observing-network-traffic.adoc#network-observability-trafficflow_nw-observe-network-traffic[analyze network flow] information for further insight and troubleshooting. After you can generate metrics from flow logs, you can use the metrics when setting custom alerts and creating viewing dashbaords; see xref:../network_observability/metrics-alerts-dashboards.html[Using metrics with dashboards and alerts].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **xref:../network_observability/network-observability-overview.adoc#network-observability-overview[Network Observability]**: Observe network traffic for {product-title} clusters by using eBPF technology to create and enrich network flows. You can xref:../network_observability/metrics-alerts-dashboards.html[view dashboards, customize alerts], and xref:../network_observability/observing-network-traffic.adoc#network-observability-trafficflow_nw-observe-network-traffic[analyze network flow] information for further insight and troubleshooting. 
```

Reviewer 2: I was thinking more like this. Wdyt?

Author: HI @skrthomas . Yes, that would work better. Updated.

Reviewer 2: awesome!! lgtm! Thank you!
